# Decentralised Chatting Application With Metamask
The "Chat" defines a decentralized application (DApp) facilitates a messaging system where users can send and receive messages from each other with the help of Metamask Wallet . It also uses a Hardhat Development Environment to initiate a blockchain and provides local development network. Predefined ABI is used to interact between Smart Contract and Front End.
Video Explanation https://www.loom.com/share/9c66b50a45624d968455db1833de0e06

## Requirements
1. VisualStudioCode Or Any Other Environment 
2. Node.js (v14 or higher) - Download Node.js
3. MetaMask extension installed - Download MetaMask

## Getting Started 
1. Download the Githubrrepository https://github.com/Deveshsingh21/Decentralized_Chatting_AppEth-Avax or clone it directly in VsStudioCode .
2. You can Edit the chat.sol and index.js file to add more functions and make it more interactive.
3. Open a terminal and Type  ```npm install``` to install the dependencies.
4. In the second terminal  type ```npx hardhat node``` to simulate a blockchain.
5. In the third terminal, type: ```npx hardhat run --network localhost scripts/deploy.js```.
6. Back in the first terminal, type ```npm run dev``` to launch the front-end
 ## Setting Up Metamask Wallet
 Open MetaMask and add a new network manually with the following details:

1. Network Name: My local host (or any name you prefer)
2. RPC URL: http://127.0.0.1:8545/
3. Chain ID: 31337
4. Currency Symbol: ETH
5.  Save the network and switch to this network

 Add two new accounts in Metamask . These accounts will be used as a Demonstration to interact with each other.
 1. Click on the accounts dropdown at the top-center.
 2. Select "Import Account" and paste the private key of any account generated by npx hardhat node For ```Account #0``` and  ```Account #1```.

 ### Connection to Dapp
 1. Visit http://localhost:3000/
 2. Click on connect To Metamask wallet 
 3. Select any one of the added account to send message while copying the address of other on which you want to send.
 4.Enter the address and type the message and finally confirm the transaction.

 ### Author
 Deveshsingh21 deveshsingh5603@gmail.com
 
 
 
